help
help me
please help
i need help
somebody help
someone help
anybody help
please help me
it's an emergency
emergency
rescue
save me
i'm in danger
get help
danger
i'm in danger
i'm being attacked
attack
he's attacking me
she's attacking me
they're attacking me
i'm being followed
someone's following me
i'm being chased
chase
run away
run
get out
watch out
look out
stay away
leave me alone
go away
stop it
stop
no
fire
it's burning
there's a fire
explosion
help it's burning
accident
car accident
crash
help there was a crash
doctor
call a doctor
ambulance
call an ambulance
paramedic
i'm hurt
i'm injured
i'm bleeding
i'm bleeding badly
i'm having chest pain
heart attack
stroke
i can't breathe
help i can't breathe
i'm unconscious
he's unconscious
she's unconscious
police
call the police
murder
robbery
theft
kidnap
kidnapping
abduction
rape
i'm being raped
he's trying to kill me
she's trying to kill me
they're trying to kill me
i'm being robbed
help i'm being robbed
help i'm being kidnapped
help i'm being attacked
help i'm being abused
call the police
murder
robbery
theft
kidnap
kidnapping
abduction
rape
i'm being raped
he's trying to kill me
she's trying to kill me
they're trying to kill me
i'm being robbed
help i'm being robbed
help i'm being kidnapped
help i'm being attacked
help i'm being abused
help please come
help please hurry
someone's hurt
help there's someone injured
we need help
somebody's hurt
oh no
please stop
please don't
no no no
don't hurt me
leave me alone
stay back
go back
stop now
oh god
god help me


